[Music]
i need to ask you some questions school
very long
no only about four months the
construction company funded three
scholarships for lassencinus
don't go near my sister just imagine a
restraining order
all the people in that class you had to
get into it with my brother
he's your brother what party did someone
say party what's up i'm christy
[ __ ] man if only that rubble had fallen
on me when that school collapsed
he ended up with 14 stitches yeah and a
scholarship
come here
[Laughter]
finally together again hey would you
like to come to a party at my place
tomorrow night
cosmonauts and mr x meet mr dealer
sorry no names we're gonna pay a visit
to our buddy the developer
give him something to remember us just
got out of prison and you go and do this
[ __ ]
if you can help us then we'll let you go
we think it's the weapon used in the
murder and that's polo
her boyfriend since they were 12. really
i didn't tell you my dad's the developer
that well
your school so you're telling me to get
it on with the girl who walks around
with a scarf around her
you get her to fall for you we tell
everyone that would get rid of that
superiority complex
you got balls showing up here kid don't
you know we have security tapes
huh go get those other scholarship kids
let's get a picture together
shaking hands and smiling i'll just
report your brother tomorrow
and we'll see about his parole
come into this house and insult me and
my family who the hell do you think you
are [ __ ]
he's a good guy unlike me
if you say anything i'll have to report
to the school what i saw on the show how
much you want
i was high i just wanted to try it
i mean i'm not into guys you know
no one would blame you for not going
after your father even if i had some
incriminating evidence
they were addressed to a government
advisor my father
said that the budget was too tight so
they used subpar materials
peggy was a smoker but i guess everyone
has their vice yeah
what exactly does he say what happened
some guys uh came asking for your
brother
i don't want to let them in but they
both at the door oh they're i owe them
money okay
a lot but how is it you just got out of
prison guys are from prison
they protected me i'll get you the
papers
am i a challenge a bet you've made with
your friends
see how long it takes to get the new
girl
[Music]
it's all right keep going keep going on
the plus side
i'm out [ __ ] sickos let's talk about
that
just please stop come on don't be mad no
we would rather save her family than our
family
i couldn't because i like her i really
like marina
we've received the autopsy results
she was pregnant
you'll save a lot of your bears now i
need a little more time
having a good time
let's get out of here and go where
anyone at your place what you giving
nothing if you go anywhere near him
again and give him as much as a cough
drop
i swear to your sister your mother your
whole [ __ ] family will find out you
have to sabotage it all we both liked it
right
i just panicked
he's only interested in you because he
made a bet that he could take your
virginity
he was going to humiliate you by telling
everyone he's trying to find the courage
to tell you that i like you marina
samuel you don't know me there are
things about what thanks you spread your
legs for me in that pool not even
the thing is i'm hiv positive
we're going to order dinner it'll be our
treat
we owe you that at least what happened
she's hiv-positive it's not a big deal
nowadays i've been googling it
being hiv-positive is no big deal i'm
gonna do it again
have you ever had a threesome i'm on
medication and it's undetectable
so you're safe from infection
but that's exactly why you told sammy
you wanted to scare him off
i'm playing my brother and tell him the
[ __ ] truth you're not into him
i'm not playing
[ __ ] sorry sorry sorry dude this one
won't forget about the money
said anything about killing huh just a
warning shot
no leg my father has many contacts in
mexico
he could make a couple phone calls and
have a precious baby
a little extra who's this nano
friend of mine i want you to take your
family and get the hell out of here
the next guy they send won't be a [ __ ]
like me
no way no way what
that the sports star is gay
see not that hard to get done is it not
hard at all
and i can get you in man you do this for
me
i'll call her now [ __ ] man you're
amazing
okay what we had was just a lie so you
could get into my house
we right what kind of story is you
making up goddamn you i can't get you
out of my [ __ ] head
but you're with my brother and that's
exactly what you need to stick with
marina doesn't have aids you idiot
stop it what the hell is wrong with you
huh marina you have hiv
nadia please
i was infected a year ago more or less
i'm on medication i do blood tests
every four months and the virus
isn't detectable are you selling drugs
who said that you like boys don't you
if you choose to go down that path
you're going to lose mom and dad
[Music]
marina carla will be in class and her
parents will be gone
the security code is one six four nine
i'll text it to you later
her parents master bedroom is upstairs
and that's where you'll find the watches
they they stole the watches and
they stole mine as well
everything will be all right yeah
he's just being detained will pay bail
he's out
how much is it three hundred thousand
listen we're just saying if you did take
the watches we wouldn't care that's all
just return them and we'll forget all
about why that one's important
it's a usb filled with documents you
can't tell your brother okay
important papers about my father's
business and
figure out how we're going to return the
watch no no
if it's that important you think they'd
pay for it back it's not like we're
really gonna give the watch to anyone
it'll just be a bluff to get him to pay
according to the tests you're pregnant
how about four weeks along
i mean we weren't together i understand
who's is it
these opinions huh just get me on the
[ __ ] cover all right
hey well that depends on you
i'm leaving this [ __ ] town you and me
go somewhere and nobody knows us where
no one knows about our screwed up past
we were hanging out at his mom's studio
and then he just started kissing all the
way down my neck
right then he went and buttoned my shirt
took off my belt and started sucking my
dick
who got marina pregnant because there's
only one person who comes to mind
you you were always there that was the
deal we share everything carla it was
just a stupid mistake
here's a prepaid phone so they can't
trace the call thanks
did you get the marquise's husband's
number yeah
better have it back by tomorrow and you
will get nothing in return
to my brother yeah your dad took his
phone
who stole our watches i know you're
involved with this
when you came to my house you saw me
enter the code we used to play with
those watches when we were kids lou
i'm also leaving school my dad won't let
me come back next year so you don't have
a boyfriend
you're single you're free yes single and
free with a thousand and one problems
my parents never leave my parents are
always out until at least 10 o'clock
what's his name on his name's omar
but we can't be together cause his dad's
a [ __ ] caveman
theo tells me that you have something to
do with the watches that were stolen
who are you hanging out with did they
brainwash you
tell me my son isn't a queer
no i don't know who said it but no
i'm saying i'm pregnant is it
is it that waiter no
his brother first you rob from me
and then you knock up my sister
i love you i love you damn it
i swear from now on don't bother i'll
never listen to anything you have to
[ __ ] say to me again
the watch is in good hands you have it
it'll only take a minute i'd like to
make a deal with you so that nadia
doesn't have to leave school
if you let her come back next year i
swear to god i'll stay far away from her
further i do
the winner is marina
nuniere have much to be proud of this
year
so i'll take this opportunity to explain
i'm sorry
marina don't go
i don't hate you
i've tried but i just can't i just
talked to her and she's leaving
leave me alone what are you doing here
hand over the watch marina excuse me
marina hand over the watch please you
think that
if you give her the watch you'll get
back together holy sh what the hell you
laughing at marina
what did you do i don't know
we need to get rid of that blood come
here come
on
[Music]
just try and relax please how the [ __ ]
am i supposed to do that
the cops are talking to everyone i know
they're going to call me in
you want to be my boyfriend to be one of
us should know that people like us
always
always protect each other this is him
you are under arrest for the murder of
marina nunez
make sure he's secure time if you told
us where the murder weapon's hidden
the trophy holy [ __ ] it's true you don't
even have a shred of evidence
dude listen to me we're no longer
together
even more we'll tell them we hate each
other so you won't have any motive for
killing marina
samuel was right if i had told my
parents about marina she'd still be
alive
there has to be a way to prove that he's
innocent
even if we had seen the killer with
their own eyes who the hell would
believe us
there's gotta be some evidence something
we need to find it
[Music]
you